#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via langchain-postgres
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.37.34
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.37.34
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deepl==1.21.1
    # via langchain-teddynote
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
docx2txt==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via langchain-teddynote
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
greenlet==3.2.0
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via pinecone-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   tavily-python
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwipiepy==0.20.4
    # via langchain-teddynote
kiwipiepy-model==0.20.0
    # via kiwipiepy
langchain==0.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-teddynote
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-teddynote==0.3.45
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.3.30
    # via langchain-teddynote
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.24
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.61
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lz4==4.4.4
    # via pinecone-client
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via pinecone-text
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nltk==3.9.1
    # via pinecone-text
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   pinecone-text
    #   rank-bm25
olefile==0.47
    # via langchain-teddynote
openai==1.75.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-teddynote
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.3
    # via langchain-teddynote
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
pillow==11.2.1
    # via pdf2image
pinecone-client[grpc]==6.0.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-text==0.10.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via pinecone-client
psycopg==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   sqlmodel
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via langchain-community
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-text
    #   pydantic-settings
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   deepl
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-text
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via boto3
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   sqlmodel
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlmodel==0.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tavily-python==0.5.4
    # via langchain-teddynote
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   tavily-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   nltk
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via pinecone-text
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   psycopg
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
